=========================================================================
AVR284: Software Library for AES-128 Encryption and Decryption on megaAVR
=========================================================================

This application note provides an example of AES-128 encryption and decryption on ATmega328PB.
NOTICE: If Atmel Studio encounters the error "Invalid zip package. Index was outside the bounds of the array" when importing this example, please shorten the name of the .atzip file.
This applicaiton requires the ATmega_DFP (released with Atmel Studio) with the version 1.0.106 or later. 
If not, please update to the latest Atmel Studio from http://www.atmel.com/tools/atmelstudio.aspx?tab=overview 

For a more detailed description, please see the applicaiton note available from:
http://www.atmel.com/Images/Atmel-42784-Software-Library-for-AES-128-Encryption-and-Decryption-on-megaAVR_ApplicationNote_AVR284.pdf

========================
SUPPORTED EVALUATION KIT
========================
ATmega328PB XPLAINED MINI

=====
FUSES
===== 
- Set Low Fuse Byte to use External Clock @ 16MHz
- In Atmel Studio 7 this can be done by selecting Tools->Device Programming->Fuses
- CPU runs at 16 MHz(UART BAUD RATE 38400)

================
RUNNING THE DEMO
================
1. Download the example .atzip file from Atmel|START.
2. If with Atmel Studio 7 (or later), import .atzip file into Atmel Studio 7, File->Import->Atmel Start Project.
   If with IAR 6.80(or later), unzip the .atzip file to locate .eww/.ewp files, and open with IAR IDE.
   Essential Settings in IAR:
   2.1 Select Full DLIB.
   2.2 Enable bit definitions in I/O-Include files.
   2.3 Set CSTACK size to at least 0x33.
3. Build and flash into supported evaluation board.
4. Run (debug) the code.